- [Frank] In a microservices architecture,
we usually are dealing with restful calls
between autonomous services in order
to execute actions across our systems.
However, there is another way to handle communications
in a microservices architecture,
and that is through asynchronous messaging.
Oftentimes, when you're working
with large scale deployments of systems,
you need to define a way to get real work done
often behind-the-scenes and always with minimal strain
on the day-to-day operations of the system as a whole.
Here we begin the journey of asynchronous communications
to get work done and, most often,
this is accomplished through messaging.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley, I'm a developer,
architect, teacher, and student,
who has been active in cloud native development,
and architectures for some time now.
I have helped build large multi data center,
and multi cloud systems that were
often asynchronous messaging patterns have been used
to keep the system at peak shape,
as well as compliant with all legal regulations.
In this course, I want to share with you
why there is more to microservices architectures
than just restful API calls over HTTP,
and how understanding asynchronous messaging
can often improve your efficiencies at getting work done.